"It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however
improbable, must be the truth. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there
only remained your niece and the maids. But if it were the maids, why should your son allow himself
to be accused in their place? There could be no possible reason. As he loved his cousin, however,
there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so as the secret was a
disgraceful one. When I remembered that you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on
seeing the coronet again, my conjecture became a certainty.

"And who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the
love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle
of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before
as being a man of evil reputation among women. It must have been he who wore those boots and
retained the missing gems. Even though he knew that Arthur had discovered him, he might still
flatter himself that he was safe, for the lad could not say a word without compromising his own
family.

"Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer
to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master
had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by
buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they
exactly fitted the tracks."

"I saw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening," said Mr. Holder.

"Precisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and changed my clothes. It was a
delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert
scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the matter. I
went and saw him. At first, of course, he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular
that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man,
however, and I clapped a pistol to his head before he could strike. Then he became a little more
reasonable. I told him that we would give him a price for the stones he held--£1000 apiece. That
brought out the first signs of grief that he had shown. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them
go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on
promising him that there would be no prosecution. Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got
our stones at 1000 pounds apiece. Then I looked in upon your son, told him that all was right, and
eventually got to my bed about two o'clock, after what I may call a really hard day's work."

"A day which has saved England from a great public scandal," said the banker, rising. "Sir, I cannot
find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done. Your skill has
indeed exceeded all that I have heard of it. And now I must fly to my dear boy to apologise to him
for the wrong which I have done him. As to what you tell me of poor Mary, it goes to my very heart.
Not even your skill can inform me where she is now."