"'Don't be frightened,' said my employer, laughing at the start which I had given. 'It's only Carlo,
my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything
with him. We feed him once a day, and not too much then, so that he is always as keen as mustard.
Toller lets him loose every night, and God help the trespasser whom he lays his fangs upon. For
goodness' sake don't you ever on any pretext set your foot over the threshold at night, for it's as
much as your life is worth.'

"The warning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look out of my bedroom window about
two o'clock in the morning. It was a beautiful moonlight night, and the lawn in front of the house
was silvered over and almost as bright as day. I was standing, rapt in the peaceful beauty of the
scene, when I was aware that something was moving under the shadow of the copper beeches. As it
emerged into the moonshine I saw what it was. It was a giant dog, as large as a calf, tawny tinted,
with hanging jowl, black muzzle, and huge projecting bones. It walked slowly across the lawn and
vanished into the shadow upon the other side. That dreadful sentinel sent a chill to my heart which
I do not think that any burglar could have done.

"And now I have a very strange experience to tell you. I had, as you know, cut off my hair in
London, and I had placed it in a great coil at the bottom of my trunk. One evening, after the child
was in bed, I began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by rearranging my own
little things. There was an old chest of drawers in the room, the two upper ones empty and open, the
lower one locked. I had filled the first two with my linen, and as I had still much to pack away I
was naturally annoyed at not having the use of the third drawer. It struck me that it might have
been fastened by a mere oversight, so I took out my bunch of keys and tried to open it. The very
first key fitted to perfection, and I drew the drawer open. There was only one thing in it, but I am
sure that you would never guess what it was. It was my coil of hair.