"And what of Irene Adler?" I asked.

"Oh, she has turned all the men's heads down in that part. She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet
on this planet. So say the Serpentine-mews, to a man. She lives quietly, sings at concerts, drives
out at five every day, and returns at seven sharp for dinner. Seldom goes out at other times, except
when she sings. Has only one male visitor, but a good deal of him. He is dark, handsome, and
dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice. He is a Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner
Temple. See the advantages of a cabman as a confidant. They had driven him home a dozen times from
Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him. When I had listened to all they had to tell, I began to
walk up and down near Briony Lodge once more, and to think over my plan of campaign.

"This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the matter. He was a lawyer. That sounded
ominous. What was the relation between them, and what the object of his repeated visits? Was she his
client, his friend, or his mistress? If the former, she had probably transferred the photograph to
his keeping. If the latter, it was less likely. On the issue of this question depended whether I
should continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the gentleman's chambers in the
Temple. It was a delicate point, and it widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with
these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the
situation."

"I am following you closely," I answered.

"I was still balancing the matter in my mind when a hansom cab drove up to Briony Lodge, and a
gentleman sprang out. He was a remarkably handsome man, dark, aquiline, and moustached--evidently
the man of whom I had heard. He appeared to be in a great hurry, shouted to the cabman to wait, and
brushed past the maid who opened the door with the air of a man who was thoroughly at home.

"He was in the house about half an hour, and I could catch glimpses of him in the windows of the
sitting-room, pacing up and down, talking excitedly, and waving his arms. Of her I could see
nothing. Presently he emerged, looking even more flurried than before. As he stepped up to the cab,
he pulled a gold watch from his pocket and looked at it earnestly, 'Drive like the devil,' he
shouted, 'first to Gross & Hankey's in Regent Street, and then to the Church of St. Monica in the
Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if you do it in twenty minutes!'