"A thousand pounds! Great Lord of mercy!" The commissionaire plumped down into a chair and stared
from one to the other of us.

"That is the reward, and I have reason to know that there are sentimental considerations in the
background which would induce the Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover
the gem."

"It was lost, if I remember aright, at the Hotel Cosmopolitan," I remarked.

"Precisely so, on December 22nd, just five days ago. John Horner, a plumber, was accused of having
abstracted it from the lady's jewel-case. The evidence against him was so strong that the case has
been referred to the Assizes. I have some account of the matter here, I believe." He rummaged amid
his newspapers, glancing over the dates, until at last he smoothed one out, doubled it over, and
read the following paragraph:

"Hotel Cosmopolitan Jewel Robbery. John Horner, 26, plumber, was brought up upon the charge of
having upon the 22nd inst. abstracted from the jewel-case of the Countess of Morcar the valuable gem
known as the blue carbuncle. James Ryder, upper-attendant at the hotel, gave his evidence to the
effect that he had shown Horner up to the dressing-room of the Countess of Morcar upon the day of
the robbery in order that he might solder the second bar of the grate, which was loose. He had
remained with Horner some little time, but had finally been called away. On returning, he found that
Horner had disappeared, that the bureau had been forced open, and that the small morocco casket in
which, as it afterwards transpired, the Countess was accustomed to keep her jewel, was lying empty
upon the dressing-table. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was arrested the same evening;
but the stone could not be found either upon his person or in his rooms. Catherine Cusack, maid to
the Countess, deposed to having heard Ryder's cry of dismay on discovering the robbery, and to
having rushed into the room, where she found matters as described by the last witness. Inspector
Bradstreet, B division, gave evidence as to the arrest of Horner, who struggled frantically, and
protested his innocence in the strongest terms. Evidence of a previous conviction for robbery having
been given against the prisoner, the magistrate refused to deal summarily with the offence, but
referred it to the Assizes. Horner, who had shown signs of intense emotion during the proceedings,
fainted away at the conclusion and was carried out of court."