"Some years ago--to be definite, in May, 1884--there came to Lee a gentleman, Neville St. Clair by
name, who appeared to have plenty of money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely,
and lived generally in good style. By degrees he made friends in the neighbourhood, and in 1887 he
married the daughter of a local brewer, by whom he now has two children. He had no occupation, but
was interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the morning, returning by the
5.14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr. St. Clair is now thirty-seven years of age, is a man of
temperate habits, a good husband, a very affectionate father, and a man who is popular with all who
know him. I may add that his whole debts at the present moment, as far as we have been able to
ascertain, amount to £88 10s., while he has £220 standing to his credit in the Capital and Counties
Bank. There is no reason, therefore, to think that money troubles have been weighing upon his mind.

"Last Monday Mr. Neville St. Clair went into town rather earlier than usual, remarking before he
started that he had two important commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy
home a box of bricks. Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a telegram upon this same Monday,
very shortly after his departure, to the effect that a small parcel of considerable value which she
had been expecting was waiting for her at the offices of the Aberdeen Shipping Company. Now, if you
are well up in your London, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which
branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night. Mrs. St. Clair had her lunch,
started for the City, did some shopping, proceeded to the company's office, got her packet, and
found herself at exactly 4.35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the station. Have you
followed me so far?"

"It is very clear."

"If you remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing
about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself.
While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and
was struck cold to see her husband looking down at her and, as it seemed to her, beckoning to her
from a second-floor window. The window was open, and she distinctly saw his face, which she
describes as being terribly agitated. He waved his hands frantically to her, and then vanished from
the window so suddenly that it seemed to her that he had been plucked back by some irresistible
force from behind. One singular point which struck her quick feminine eye was that although he wore
some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.