"Ah," said he, "I forgot that I had not seen you for some weeks. It is a little souvenir from the
King of Bohemia in return for my assistance in the case of the Irene Adler papers."

"And the ring?" I asked, glancing at a remarkable brilliant which sparkled upon his finger.

"It was from the reigning family of Holland, though the matter in which I served them was of such
delicacy that I cannot confide it even to you, who have been good enough to chronicle one or two of
my little problems."

"And have you any on hand just now?" I asked with interest.

"Some ten or twelve, but none which present any feature of interest. They are important, you
understand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant
matters that there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of cause and effect
which gives the charm to an investigation. The larger crimes are apt to be the simpler, for the
bigger the crime the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive. In these cases, save for one rather
intricate matter which has been referred to me from Marseilles, there is nothing which presents any
features of interest. It is possible, however, that I may have something better before very many
minutes are over, for this is one of my clients, or I am much mistaken."

He had risen from his chair and was standing between the parted blinds gazing down into the dull
neutral-tinted London street. Looking over his shoulder, I saw that on the pavement opposite there
stood a large woman with a heavy fur boa round her neck, and a large curling red feather in a broad-
brimmed hat which was tilted in a coquettish Duchess of Devonshire fashion over her ear. From under
this great panoply she peeped up in a nervous, hesitating fashion at our windows, while her body
oscillated backward and forward, and her fingers fidgeted with her glove buttons. Suddenly, with a
plunge, as of the swimmer who leaves the bank, she hurried across the road, and we heard the sharp
clang of the bell.