"Suddenly, without any preliminary sound in the midst of the utter stillness, the door of my room
swung slowly open. The woman was standing in the aperture, the darkness of the hall behind her, the
yellow light from my lamp beating upon her eager and beautiful face. I could see at a glance that
she was sick with fear, and the sight sent a chill to my own heart. She held up one shaking finger
to warn me to be silent, and she shot a few whispered words of broken English at me, her eyes
glancing back, like those of a frightened horse, into the gloom behind her.

"'I would go,' said she, trying hard, as it seemed to me, to speak calmly; 'I would go. I should not
stay here. There is no good for you to do.'

"'But, madam,' said I, 'I have not yet done what I came for. I cannot possibly leave until I have
seen the machine.'

"'It is not worth your while to wait,' she went on. 'You can pass through the door; no one hinders.'
And then, seeing that I smiled and shook my head, she suddenly threw aside her constraint and made a
step forward, with her hands wrung together. 'For the love of Heaven!' she whispered, 'get away from
here before it is too late!'

"But I am somewhat headstrong by nature, and the more ready to engage in an affair when there is
some obstacle in the way. I thought of my fifty-guinea fee, of my wearisome journey, and of the
unpleasant night which seemed to be before me. Was it all to go for nothing? Why should I slink away
without having carried out my commission, and without the payment which was my due? This woman
might, for all I knew, be a monomaniac. With a stout bearing, therefore, though her manner had
shaken me more than I cared to confess, I still shook my head and declared my intention of remaining
where I was. She was about to renew her entreaties when a door slammed overhead, and the sound of
several footsteps was heard upon the stairs. She listened for an instant, threw up her hands with a
despairing gesture, and vanished as suddenly and as noiselessly as she had come.