"And now a word as to my household, Mr. Holmes, for I wish you to thoroughly understand the
situation. My groom and my page sleep out of the house, and may be set aside altogether. I have
three maid-servants who have been with me a number of years and whose absolute reliability is quite
above suspicion. Another, Lucy Parr, the second waiting-maid, has only been in my service a few
months. She came with an excellent character, however, and has always given me satisfaction. She is
a very pretty girl and has attracted admirers who have occasionally hung about the place. That is
the only drawback which we have found to her, but we believe her to be a thoroughly good girl in
every way.

"So much for the servants. My family itself is so small that it will not take me long to describe
it. I am a widower and have an only son, Arthur. He has been a disappointment to me, Mr. Holmes--a
grievous disappointment. I have no doubt that I am myself to blame. People tell me that I have
spoiled him. Very likely I have. When my dear wife died I felt that he was all I had to love. I
could not bear to see the smile fade even for a moment from his face. I have never denied him a
wish. Perhaps it would have been better for both of us had I been sterner, but I meant it for the
best.

"It was naturally my intention that he should succeed me in my business, but he was not of a
business turn. He was wild, wayward, and, to speak the truth, I could not trust him in the handling
of large sums of money. When he was young he became a member of an aristocratic club, and there,
having charming manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long purses and expensive
habits. He learned to play heavily at cards and to squander money on the turf, until he had again
and again to come to me and implore me to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might
settle his debts of honour. He tried more than once to break away from the dangerous company which
he was keeping, but each time the influence of his friend, Sir George Burnwell, was enough to draw
him back again.