"Mrs. Rucastle seemed to me to be colourless in mind as well as in feature. She impressed me neither
favourably nor the reverse. She was a nonentity. It was easy to see that she was passionately
devoted both to her husband and to her little son. Her light grey eyes wandered continually from one
to the other, noting every little want and forestalling it if possible. He was kind to her also in
his bluff, boisterous fashion, and on the whole they seemed to be a happy couple. And yet she had
some secret sorrow, this woman. She would often be lost in deep thought, with the saddest look upon
her face. More than once I have surprised her in tears. I have thought sometimes that it was the
disposition of her child which weighed upon her mind, for I have never met so utterly spoiled and so
ill-natured a little creature. He is small for his age, with a head which is quite
disproportionately large. His whole life appears to be spent in an alternation between savage fits
of passion and gloomy intervals of sulking. Giving pain to any creature weaker than himself seems to
be his one idea of amusement, and he shows quite remarkable talent in planning the capture of mice,
little birds, and insects. But I would rather not talk about the creature, Mr. Holmes, and, indeed,
he has little to do with my story."

"I am glad of all details," remarked my friend, "whether they seem to you to be relevant or not."

"I shall try not to miss anything of importance. The one unpleasant thing about the house, which
struck me at once, was the appearance and conduct of the servants. There are only two, a man and his
wife. Toller, for that is his name, is a rough, uncouth man, with grizzled hair and whiskers, and a
perpetual smell of drink. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr.
Rucastle seemed to take no notice of it. His wife is a very tall and strong woman with a sour face,
as silent as Mrs. Rucastle and much less amiable. They are a most unpleasant couple, but fortunately
I spend most of my time in the nursery and my own room, which are next to each other in one corner
of the building.

"For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs.
Rucastle came down just after breakfast and whispered something to her husband.

"'Oh, yes,' said he, turning to me, 'we are very much obliged to you, Miss Hunter, for falling in
with our whims so far as to cut your hair. I assure you that it has not detracted in the tiniest
iota from your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will become you. You will
find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and if you would be so good as to put it on we should
both be extremely obliged.'

"The dress which I found waiting for me was of a peculiar shade of blue. It was of excellent
material, a sort of beige, but it bore unmistakable signs of having been worn before. It could not
have been a better fit if I had been measured for it. Both Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle expressed a delight
at the look of it, which seemed quite exaggerated in its vehemence. They were waiting for me in the
drawing-room, which is a very large room, stretching along the entire front of the house, with three
long windows reaching down to the floor. A chair had been placed close to the central window, with
its back turned towards it. In this I was asked to sit, and then Mr. Rucastle, walking up and down
on the other side of the room, began to tell me a series of the funniest stories that I have ever
listened to. You cannot imagine how comical he was, and I laughed until I was quite weary. Mrs.
Rucastle, however, who has evidently no sense of humour, never so much as smiled, but sat with her
hands in her lap, and a sad, anxious look upon her face. After an hour or so, Mr. Rucastle suddenly
remarked that it was time to commence the duties of the day, and that I might change my dress and go
to little Edward in the nursery.