"There is no mystery, my dear madam," said he, smiling. "The left arm of your jacket is spattered
with mud in no less than seven places. The marks are perfectly fresh. There is no vehicle save a
dog-cart which throws up mud in that way, and then only when you sit on the left-hand side of the
driver."

"Whatever your reasons may be, you are perfectly correct," said she. "I started from home before
six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past, and came in by the first train to Waterloo. Sir, I can
stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues. I have no one to turn to--none, save
only one, who cares for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. I have heard of you, Mr.
Holmes; I have heard of you from Mrs. Farintosh, whom you helped in the hour of her sore need. It
was from her that I had your address. Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, too, and at
least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me? At present it is out of my
power to reward you for your services, but in a month or six weeks I shall be married, with the
control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful."

Holmes turned to his desk and, unlocking it, drew out a small case-book, which he consulted.

"Farintosh," said he. "Ah yes, I recall the case; it was concerned with an opal tiara. I think it
was before your time, Watson. I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote the same care
to your case as I did to that of your friend. As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you
are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to, at the time which suits you best. And
now I beg that you will lay before us everything that may help us in forming an opinion upon the
matter."

"Alas!" replied our visitor, "the very horror of my situation lies in the fact that my fears are so
vague, and my suspicions depend so entirely upon small points, which might seem trivial to another,
that even he to whom of all others I have a right to look for help and advice looks upon all that I
tell him about it as the fancies of a nervous woman. He does not say so, but I can read it from his
soothing answers and averted eyes. But I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the
manifold wickedness of the human heart. You may advise me how to walk amid the dangers which
encompass me."