"There was a double line of tracks of a booted man, and a second double line which I saw with
delight belonged to a man with naked feet. I was at once convinced from what you had told me that
the latter was your son. The first had walked both ways, but the other had run swiftly, and as his
tread was marked in places over the depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after
the other. I followed them up and found they led to the hall window, where Boots had worn all the
snow away while waiting. Then I walked to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the
lane. I saw where Boots had faced round, where the snow was cut up as though there had been a
struggle, and, finally, where a few drops of blood had fallen, to show me that I was not mistaken.
Boots had then run down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was he who had
been hurt. When he came to the highroad at the other end, I found that the pavement had been
cleared, so there was an end to that clue.

"On entering the house, however, I examined, as you remember, the sill and framework of the hall
window with my lens, and I could at once see that someone had passed out. I could distinguish the
outline of an instep where the wet foot had been placed in coming in. I was then beginning to be
able to form an opinion as to what had occurred. A man had waited outside the window; someone had
brought the gems; the deed had been overseen by your son; he had pursued the thief; had struggled
with him; they had each tugged at the coronet, their united strength causing injuries which neither
alone could have effected. He had returned with the prize, but had left a fragment in the grasp of
his opponent. So far I was clear. The question now was, who was the man and who was it brought him
the coronet?

"It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however
improbable, must be the truth. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there
only remained your niece and the maids. But if it were the maids, why should your son allow himself
to be accused in their place? There could be no possible reason. As he loved his cousin, however,
there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so as the secret was a
disgraceful one. When I remembered that you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on
seeing the coronet again, my conjecture became a certainty.

"And who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the
love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle
of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before
as being a man of evil reputation among women. It must have been he who wore those boots and
retained the missing gems. Even though he knew that Arthur had discovered him, he might still
flatter himself that he was safe, for the lad could not say a word without compromising his own
family.

"Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer
to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master
had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by
buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they
exactly fitted the tracks."

"I saw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening," said Mr. Holder.