"This time, at least, I did not scorn her advice. I staggered to my feet and ran with her along the
corridor and down a winding stair. The latter led to another broad passage, and just as we reached
it we heard the sound of running feet and the shouting of two voices, one answering the other from
the floor on which  we were and from the one beneath. My guide stopped and looked about her like one
who is at her wit's end. Then she threw open a door which led into a bedroom, through the window of
which the moon was shining brightly.

"'It is your only chance,' said she. 'It is high, but it may be that you can jump it.'

"As she spoke a light sprang into view at the further end of the passage, and I saw the lean figure
of Colonel Lysander Stark rushing forward with a lantern in one hand and a weapon like a butcher's
cleaver in the other. I rushed across the bedroom, flung open the window, and looked out. How quiet
and sweet and wholesome the garden looked in the moonlight, and it could not be more than thirty
feet down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jump until I should have heard what
passed between my saviour and the ruffian who pursued me. If she were ill-used, then at any risks I
was determined to go back to her assistance. The thought had hardly flashed through my mind before
he was at the door, pushing his way past her; but she threw her arms round him and tried to hold him
back.

"'Fritz! Fritz!' she cried in English, 'remember your promise after the last time. You said it
should not be again. He will be silent! Oh, he will be silent!'

"'You are mad, Elise!' he shouted, struggling to break away from her. 'You will be the ruin of us.
He has seen too much. Let me pass, I say!' He dashed her to one side, and, rushing to the window,
cut at me with his heavy weapon. I had let myself go, and was hanging by the hands to the sill, when
his blow fell. I was conscious of a dull pain, my grip loosened, and I fell into the garden below.

"I was shaken but not hurt by the fall; so I picked myself up and rushed off among the bushes as
hard as I could run, for I understood that I was far from being out of danger yet. Suddenly,
however, as I ran, a deadly dizziness and sickness came over me. I glanced down at my hand, which
was throbbing painfully, and then, for the first time, saw that my thumb had been cut off and that
the blood was pouring from my wound. I endeavoured to tie my handkerchief round it, but there came a
sudden buzzing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a dead faint among the rose-bushes.