The road in which we found ourselves as we turned round the corner from the retired Saxe-Coburg
Square presented as great a contrast to it as the front of a picture does to the back. It was one of
the main arteries which conveyed the traffic of the City to the north and west. The roadway was
blocked with the immense stream of commerce flowing in a double tide inward and outward, while the
footpaths were black with the hurrying swarm of pedestrians. It was difficult to realise as we
looked at the line of fine shops and stately business premises that they really abutted on the other
side upon the faded and stagnant square which we had just quitted.

"Let me see," said Holmes, standing at the corner and glancing along the line, "I should like just
to remember the order of the houses here. It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of
London. There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the Coburg branch of the
City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian Restaurant, and McFarlane's carriage-building depot. That
carries us right on to the other block. And now, Doctor, we've done our work, so it's time we had
some play. A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and
delicacy and harmony, and there are no red-headed clients to vex us with their conundrums."

My friend was an enthusiastic musician, being himself not only a very capable performer but a
composer of no ordinary merit. All the afternoon he sat in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect
happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers in time to the music, while his gently smiling face
and his languid, dreamy eyes were as unlike those of Holmes the sleuth-hound, Holmes the relentless,
keen-witted, ready-handed criminal agent, as it was possible to conceive. In his singular character
the dual nature alternately asserted itself, and his extreme exactness and astuteness represented,
as I have often thought, the reaction against the poetic and contemplative mood which occasionally
predominated in him. The swing of his nature took him from extreme languor to devouring energy; and,
as I knew well, he was never so truly formidable as when, for days on end, he had been lounging in
his armchair amid his improvisations and his black-letter editions. Then it was that the lust of the
chase would suddenly come upon him, and that his brilliant reasoning power would rise to the level
of intuition, until those who were unacquainted with his methods would look askance at him as on a
man whose knowledge was not that of other mortals. When I saw him that afternoon so enwrapped in the
music at St. James's Hall I felt that an evil time might be coming upon those whom he had set
himself to hunt down.