"'It is your only chance,' said she. 'It is high, but it may be that you can jump it.'

"As she spoke a light sprang into view at the further end of the passage, and I saw the lean figure
of Colonel Lysander Stark rushing forward with a lantern in one hand and a weapon like a butcher's
cleaver in the other. I rushed across the bedroom, flung open the window, and looked out. How quiet
and sweet and wholesome the garden looked in the moonlight, and it could not be more than thirty
feet down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jump until I should have heard what
passed between my saviour and the ruffian who pursued me. If she were ill-used, then at any risks I
was determined to go back to her assistance. The thought had hardly flashed through my mind before
he was at the door, pushing his way past her; but she threw her arms round him and tried to hold him
back.

"'Fritz! Fritz!' she cried in English, 'remember your promise after the last time. You said it
should not be again. He will be silent! Oh, he will be silent!'

"'You are mad, Elise!' he shouted, struggling to break away from her. 'You will be the ruin of us.
He has seen too much. Let me pass, I say!' He dashed her to one side, and, rushing to the window,
cut at me with his heavy weapon. I had let myself go, and was hanging by the hands to the sill, when
his blow fell. I was conscious of a dull pain, my grip loosened, and I fell into the garden below.

"I was shaken but not hurt by the fall; so I picked myself up and rushed off among the bushes as
hard as I could run, for I understood that I was far from being out of danger yet. Suddenly,
however, as I ran, a deadly dizziness and sickness came over me. I glanced down at my hand, which
was throbbing painfully, and then, for the first time, saw that my thumb had been cut off and that
the blood was pouring from my wound. I endeavoured to tie my handkerchief round it, but there came a
sudden buzzing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a dead faint among the rose-bushes.

"How long I remained unconscious I cannot tell. It must have been a very long time, for the moon had
sunk, and a bright morning was breaking when I came to myself. My clothes were all sodden with dew,
and my coat-sleeve was drenched with blood from my wounded thumb. The smarting of it recalled in an
instant all the particulars of my night's adventure, and I sprang to my feet with the feeling that I
might hardly yet be safe from my pursuers. But to my astonishment, when I came to look round me,
neither house nor garden were to be seen. I had been lying in an angle of the hedge close by the
highroad, and just a little lower down was a long building, which proved, upon my approaching it, to
be the very station at which I had arrived upon the previous night. Were it not for the ugly wound
upon my hand, all that had passed during those dreadful hours might have been an evil dream.