"One day--it was in March, 1883--a letter with a foreign stamp lay upon the table in front of the
colonel's plate. It was not a common thing for him to receive letters, for his bills were all paid
in ready money, and he had no friends of any sort. 'From India!' said he as he took it up,
'Pondicherry postmark! What can this be?' Opening it hurriedly, out there jumped five little dried
orange pips, which pattered down upon his plate. I began to laugh at this, but the laugh was struck
from my lips at the sight of his face. His lip had fallen, his eyes were protruding, his skin the
colour of putty, and he glared at the envelope which he still held in his trembling hand, 'K. K.
K.!' he shrieked, and then, 'My God, my God, my sins have overtaken me!'

"'What is it, uncle?' I cried.

"'Death,' said he, and rising from the table he retired to his room, leaving me palpitating with
horror. I took up the envelope and saw scrawled in red ink upon the inner flap, just above the gum,
the letter K three times repeated. There was nothing else save the five dried pips. What could be
the reason of his overpowering terror? I left the breakfast-table, and as I ascended the stair I met
him coming down with an old rusty key, which must have belonged to the attic, in one hand, and a
small brass box, like a cashbox, in the other.

"'They may do what they like, but I'll checkmate them still,' said he with an oath. 'Tell Mary that
I shall want a fire in my room to-day, and send down to Fordham, the Horsham lawyer.'

"I did as he ordered, and when the lawyer arrived I was asked to step up to the room. The fire was
burning brightly, and in the grate there was a mass of black, fluffy ashes, as of burned paper,
while the brass box stood open and empty beside it. As I glanced at the box I noticed, with a start,
that upon the lid was printed the treble K which I had read in the morning upon the envelope.

"'I wish you, John,' said my uncle, 'to witness my will. I leave my estate, with all its advantages
and all its disadvantages, to my brother, your father, whence it will, no doubt, descend to you. If
you can enjoy it in peace, well and good! If you find you cannot, take my advice, my boy, and leave
it to your deadliest enemy. I am sorry to give you such a two-edged thing, but I can't say what turn
things are going to take. Kindly sign the paper where Mr. Fordham shows you.'