"Tired-looking or fresh?"

"Oh, fresh and glossy."

"Thank you. I am sorry to have interrupted you. Pray continue your most interesting statement."

"Away we went then, and we drove for at least an hour. Colonel Lysander Stark had said that it was
only seven miles, but I should think, from the rate that we seemed to go, and from the time that we
took, that it must have been nearer twelve. He sat at my side in silence all the time, and I was
aware, more than once when I glanced in his direction, that he was looking at me with great
intensity. The country roads seem to be not very good in that part of the world, for we lurched and
jolted terribly. I tried to look out of the windows to see something of where we were, but they were
made of frosted glass, and I could make out nothing save the occasional bright blur of a passing
light. Now and then I hazarded some remark to break the monotony of the journey, but the colonel
answered only in monosyllables, and the conversation soon flagged. At last, however, the bumping of
the road was exchanged for the crisp smoothness of a gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a stand.
Colonel Lysander Stark sprang out, and, as I followed after him, pulled me swiftly into a porch
which gaped in front of us. We stepped, as it were, right out of the carriage and into the hall, so
that I failed to catch the most fleeting glance of the front of the house. The instant that I had
crossed the threshold the door slammed heavily behind us, and I heard faintly the rattle of the
wheels as the carriage drove away.

"It was pitch dark inside the house, and the colonel fumbled about looking for matches and muttering
under his breath. Suddenly a door opened at the other end of the passage, and a long, golden bar of
light shot out in our direction. It grew broader, and a woman appeared with a lamp in her hand,
which she held above her head, pushing her face forward and peering at us. I could see that she was
pretty, and from the gloss with which the light shone upon her dark dress I knew that it was a rich
material. She spoke a few words in a foreign tongue in a tone as though asking a question, and when
my companion answered in a gruff monosyllable she gave such a start that the lamp nearly fell from
her hand. Colonel Stark went up to her, whispered something in her ear, and then, pushing her back
into the room from whence she had come, he walked towards me again with the lamp in his hand.