It was in the summer of '89, not long after my marriage, that the events occurred which I am now
about to summarise. I had returned to civil practice and had finally abandoned Holmes in his Baker
Street rooms, although I continually visited him and occasionally even persuaded him to forgo his
Bohemian habits so far as to come and visit us. My practice had steadily increased, and as I
happened to live at no very great distance from Paddington Station, I got a few patients from among
the officials. One of these, whom I had cured of a painful and lingering disease, was never weary of
advertising my virtues and of endeavouring to send me on every sufferer over whom he might have any
influence.

One morning, at a little before seven o'clock, I was awakened by the maid tapping at the door to
announce that two men had come from Paddington and were waiting in the consulting-room. I dressed
hurriedly, for I knew by experience that railway cases were seldom trivial, and hastened downstairs.
As I descended, my old ally, the guard, came out of the room and closed the door tightly behind him.

"I've got him here," he whispered, jerking his thumb over his shoulder; "he's all right."

"What is it, then?" I asked, for his manner suggested that it was some strange creature which he had
caged up in my room.

"It's a new patient," he whispered. "I thought I'd bring him round myself; then he couldn't slip
away. There he is, all safe and sound. I must go now, Doctor; I have my dooties, just the same as
you." And off he went, this trusty tout, without even giving me time to thank him.

I entered my consulting-room and found a gentleman seated by the table. He was quietly dressed in a
suit of heather tweed with a soft cloth cap which he had laid down upon my books. Round one of his
hands he had a handkerchief wrapped, which was mottled all over with bloodstains. He was young, not
more than five-and-twenty, I should say, with a strong, masculine face; but he was exceedingly pale
and gave me the impression of a man who was suffering from some strong agitation, which it took all
his strength of mind to control.