"'Well, really, it seems rather useless, since you refuse the most excellent offers in this
fashion,' said she sharply. 'You can hardly expect us to exert ourselves to find another such
opening for you. Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.' She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown
out by the page.

"Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got back to my lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two
or three bills upon the table. I began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing.
After all, if these people had strange fads and expected obedience on the most extraordinary
matters, they were at least ready to pay for their eccentricity. Very few governesses in England are
getting £100 a year. Besides, what use was my hair to me? Many people are improved by wearing it
short and perhaps I should be among the number. Next day I was inclined to think that I had made a
mistake, and by the day after I was sure of it. I had almost overcome my pride so far as to go back
to the agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the
gentleman himself. I have it here and I will read it to you:

"'The Copper Beeches, near Winchester. "'Dear Miss Hunter: "'Miss Stoper has very kindly given me
your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. My wife
is very anxious that you should come, for she has been much attracted by my description of you. We
are willing to give £30 a quarter, or £120 a year, so as to recompense you for any little
inconvenience which our fads may cause you. They are not very exacting, after all. My wife is fond
of a particular shade of electric blue and would like you to wear such a dress indoors in the
morning. You need not, however, go to the expense of purchasing one, as we have one belonging to my
dear daughter Alice (now in Philadelphia), which would, I should think, fit you very well. Then, as
to sitting here or there, or amusing yourself in any manner indicated, that need cause you no
inconvenience. As regards your hair, it is no doubt a pity, especially as I could not help remarking
its beauty during our short interview, but I am afraid that I must remain firm upon this point, and
I only hope that the increased salary may recompense you for the loss. Your duties, as far as the
child is concerned, are very light. Now do try to come, and I shall meet you with the dog-cart at
Winchester. Let me know your train. "'Yours faithfully, "'Jephro Rucastle.'

"That is the letter which I have just received, Mr. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will
accept it. I thought, however, that before taking the final step I should like to submit the whole
matter to your consideration."

"Well, Miss Hunter, if your mind is made up, that settles the question," said Holmes, smiling.