"Oh, no, sir. It is quite separate and was left me by my uncle Ned in Auckland. It is in New Zealand
stock, paying 4½ per cent. Two thousand five hundred pounds was the amount, but I can only touch the
interest."

"You interest me extremely," said Holmes. "And since you draw so large a sum as a hundred a year,
with what you earn into the bargain, you no doubt travel a little and indulge yourself in every way.
I believe that a single lady can get on very nicely upon an income of about £60."

"I could do with much less than that, Mr. Holmes, but you understand that as long as I live at home
I don't wish to be a burden to them, and so they have the use of the money just while I am staying
with them. Of course, that is only just for the time. Mr. Windibank draws my interest every quarter
and pays it over to mother, and I find that I can do pretty well with what I earn at typewriting. It
brings me twopence a sheet, and I can often do from fifteen to twenty sheets in a day."

"You have made your position very clear to me," said Holmes. "This is my friend, Dr. Watson, before
whom you can speak as freely as before myself. Kindly tell us now all about your connection with Mr.
Hosmer Angel."

A flush stole over Miss Sutherland's face, and she picked nervously at the fringe of her jacket. "I
met him first at the gasfitters' ball," she said. "They used to send father tickets when he was
alive, and then afterwards they remembered us, and sent them to mother. Mr. Windibank did not wish
us to go. He never did wish us to go anywhere. He would get quite mad if I wanted so much as to join
a Sunday-school treat. But this time I was set on going, and I would go; for what right had he to
prevent? He said the folk were not fit for us to know, when all father's friends were to be there.
And he said that I had nothing fit to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had never so much as
taken out of the drawer. At last, when nothing else would do, he went off to France upon the
business of the firm, but we went, mother and I, with Mr. Hardy, who used to be our foreman, and it
was there I met Mr. Hosmer Angel."