"The two McCarthys were seen after the time when William Crowder, the game-keeper, lost sight of
them. The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds round the
edge. A girl of fourteen, Patience Moran, who is the daughter of the lodge-keeper of the Boscombe
Valley estate, was in one of the woods picking flowers. She states that while she was there she saw,
at the border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son, and that they appeared to
be having a violent quarrel. She heard Mr. McCarthy the elder using very strong language to his son,
and she saw the latter raise up his hand as if to strike his father. She was so frightened by their
violence that she ran away and told her mother when she reached home that she had left the two
McCarthys quarrelling near Boscombe Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to fight. She
had hardly said the words when young Mr. McCarthy came running up to the lodge to say that he had
found his father dead in the wood, and to ask for the help of the lodge-keeper. He was much excited,
without either his gun or his hat, and his right hand and sleeve were observed to be stained with
fresh blood. On following him they found the dead body stretched out upon the grass beside the pool.
The head had been beaten in by repeated blows of some heavy and blunt weapon. The injuries were such
as might very well have been inflicted by the butt-end of his son's gun, which was found lying on
the grass within a few paces of the body. Under these circumstances the young man was instantly
arrested, and a verdict of 'wilful murder' having been returned at the inquest on Tuesday, he was on
Wednesday brought before the magistrates at Ross, who have referred the case to the next Assizes.
Those are the main facts of the case as they came out before the coroner and the police-court."

"I could hardly imagine a more damning case," I remarked. "If ever circumstantial evidence pointed
to a criminal it does so here."

"Circumstantial evidence is a very tricky thing," answered Holmes thoughtfully. "It may seem to
point very straight to one thing, but if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it
pointing in an equally uncompromising manner to something entirely different. It must be confessed,
however, that the case looks exceedingly grave against the young man, and it is very possible that
he is indeed the culprit. There are several people in the neighbourhood, however, and among them
Miss Turner, the daughter of the neighbouring landowner, who believe in his innocence, and who have
retained Lestrade, whom you may recollect in connection with the Study in Scarlet, to work out the
case in his interest. Lestrade, being rather puzzled, has referred the case to me, and hence it is
that two middle-aged gentlemen are flying westward at fifty miles an hour instead of quietly
digesting their breakfasts at home."

"I am afraid," said I, "that the facts are so obvious that you will find little credit to be gained
out of this case."