"'I am sure that I do not know.'

"'It is to keep people out who have no business there. Do you see?' He was still smiling in the most
amiable manner.

"'I am sure if I had known--'

"'Well, then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again'--here in an
instant the smile hardened into a grin of rage, and he glared down at me with the face of a
demon--'I'll throw you to the mastiff.'

"I was so terrified that I do not know what I did. I suppose that I must have rushed past him into
my room. I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over. Then I thought
of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice. I was frightened of the
house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. They were all horrible to me.
If I could only bring you down all would be well. Of course I might have fled from the house, but my
curiosity was almost as strong as my fears. My mind was soon made up. I would send you a wire. I put
on my hat and cloak, went down to the office, which is about half a mile from the house, and then
returned, feeling very much easier. A horrible doubt came into my mind as I approached the door lest
the dog might be loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of insensibility
that evening, and I knew that he was the only one in the household who had any influence with the
savage creature, or who would venture to set him free. I slipped in in safety and lay awake half the
night in my joy at the thought of seeing you. I had no difficulty in getting leave to come into
Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are
going on a visit, and will be away all the evening, so that I must look after the child. Now I have
told you all my adventures, Mr. Holmes, and I should be very glad if you could tell me what it all
means, and, above all, what I should do."

Holmes and I had listened spellbound to this extraordinary story. My friend rose now and paced up
and down the room, his hands in his pockets, and an expression of the most profound gravity upon his
face.