"The next I heard of Frank was that he was in Montana, and then he went prospecting in Arizona, and
then I heard of him from New Mexico. After that came a long newspaper story about how a miners' camp
had been attacked by Apache Indians, and there was my Frank's name among the killed. I fainted dead
away, and I was very sick for months after. Pa thought I had a decline and took me to half the
doctors in 'Frisco. Not a word of news came for a year and more, so that I never doubted that Frank
was really dead. Then Lord St. Simon came to 'Frisco, and we came to London, and a marriage was
arranged, and pa was very pleased, but I felt all the time that no man on this earth would ever take
the place in my heart that had been given to my poor Frank.

"Still, if I had married Lord St. Simon, of course I'd have done my duty by him. We can't command
our love, but we can our actions. I went to the altar with him with the intention to make him just
as good a wife as it was in me to be. But you may imagine what I felt when, just as I came to the
altar rails, I glanced back and saw Frank standing and looking at me out of the first pew. I thought
it was his ghost at first; but when I looked again there he was still, with a kind of question in
his eyes, as if to ask me whether I were glad or sorry to see him. I wonder I didn't drop. I know
that everything was turning round, and the words of the clergyman were just like the buzz of a bee
in my ear. I didn't know what to do. Should I stop the service and make a scene in the church? I
glanced at him again, and he seemed to know what I was thinking, for he raised his finger to his
lips to tell me to be still. Then I saw him scribble on a piece of paper, and I knew that he was
writing me a note. As I passed his pew on the way out I dropped my bouquet over to him, and he
slipped the note into my hand when he returned me the flowers. It was only a line asking me to join
him when he made the sign to me to do so. Of course I never doubted for a moment that my first duty
was now to him, and I determined to do just whatever he might direct.